fix: Add troubleshooting for 404 application error on development (#3007)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/applications/pages/ui-builder/builder-declare-interface-in-bonita.adoc

[.troubleshooting-title]
== Troubleshooting

[.troubleshooting-section]
--
[.symptom]

> After deploy an application link from a Studio, you can't access to the application from application directory and got a 404 error page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After deployment of an application link from a Studio, you can't access to the application from application directory and get a 404 error page.
```

[.cause]#Cause#

> The url in the browser are probaly wrong and you tryed to access to the something like `http://localhost:<Runtime-port>/app/<app-token>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The url in the browser is probably wrong and you tried to access to something like `http://localhost:<Runtime-port>/app/<app-token>`.
```

[.solution]#Solution#

> The workaround for this issue is to remove the port in the url and try to access to directly to `http://localhost/app/<app-token>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workaround for this issue is to remove the port in the url and try to access directly to `http://localhost/app/<app-token>`.
```
